So here I have, what is effectively
a JavaScript function, right?
And you're gonna take a spin at this,
and with this JavaScript function,
we want to allow it to be an add function
that can use a partial application.
Which means,
let me scroll down to the bottom here,
if I give it if we say add(2 and
3), it should return 5.
If I say, add(2),
it should return a function that waits for
the second argument.
So I could say const addTwo, And
then if I said, addTwo,
let's say to (5), that should give me 7.
So effectively, there's two different
interfaces, you give it two numbers,
it gives you back a value,
you give it one number,
it gives you back a function that
takes a second number, sevent.
Right, or
we can also just say like ten is,
My math is doing great right now, right?
Live coding fine live math
is apparently a lot harder.
Now you can see TypeScript a little
angrier about this cuz it doesn't
really understand what's happening.
But, we wanna basically support
both giving it two arguments or
giving it one argument, and
then the second one later, right?
And so kinda looking at the async ad,
you can see that we're definitely gonna
have two lines, which effectively
define both of the different interfaces
that we want to support for it, right?
And you can make helper
types like this is for
the asynchronous one where it's a callback
where it's gonna say it takes a number and
returns nothing, that we're using here.
You can use helper types,
you can do it online but, your mission for
the next five minutes, is to take a stab
at trying to add function overloads,
for this add function right here.